Docs: added an accessibility section in the pull request guide (#36454)
grafana/grafana: contribute/create-pull-request.md

- Don't add snapshots tests. We are incrementally removing existing snapshot tests, we don't want more.
- If an existing unit test is written in Enzyme, migrate it to RTL (React Testing Library), unless you’re fixing a bug. Bug fixes usually shouldn't include any bigger refactoring, so it’s ok to skip migrating the test to RTL.

Pull requests that create new UI components must adhere to the following accessibility guidelines:

- Use semantic HTML.

> - Use aria roles, labels and other accessibility attributes correctly. Accessibility attributes should only be used when semantic HTML doesn't satisfy your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use ARIA roles, labels and other accessibility attributes correctly. Accessibility attributes should only be used when semantic HTML doesn't satisfy your use case.
```

I think ARIA is an acronym, right?

Author: yes, it is.
would update with some changes

> - Use the Grafana theme palette for styling; contains colors with good contrast which aids accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the Grafana theme palette for styling. It contains colors with good contrast which aids accessibility.
```

We should also point the user to where can they learn how to use the theme palette.

Author: I think @torkelo is working on a doc for the new theme. Will do that once it's published.

> - Use [RTL](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-accessibility/) for writing unit tests; helps a lot in creating accessible components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [RTL](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-accessibility/) for writing unit tests. It helps to create accessible components.
```

- Don't add snapshots tests. We are incrementally removing existing snapshot tests, we don't want more.
- If an existing unit test is written in Enzyme, migrate it to RTL (React Testing Library), unless you’re fixing a bug. Bug fixes usually shouldn't include any bigger refactoring, so it’s ok to skip migrating the test to RTL.

> Pull requests that create new UI components or modify existing ones must adhere to the following accessibility guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ❤️
